# web-legacy
A **VERY** old website of mine, created at around 20th March 2020

#### The reason to upload the code there is because previously i used free hosting 000webhost to host this website but suddenly the hosting decided to take my site down because of "resource abuse"(??? i don't remember the reason clearly).

Website structure description:
- /audio - first 14 tracks of my first album "Infinity Waves" in mp3 320kbps. You can check other tracks on my Youtube channel.
- /files - builds and sources of non-multiplayer games and programs.
  - /games/danger - Danger! game builds. Only v0.2 version is included as others are available at Github repo.
  - /games/minepy - (**very cringe game warning**) unfinished simple text game based on Minecraft game playthrough which lets a user make choices to completing a game. Not recommended to play, **NOT RECOMMENDED** to check the sources.
  - programs/batcreator-\*.zip and pygenerator-\*.zip (exe,source) - apps written in Tkinter which lets you create an batch/python script without writing code. i don't know their statuses, may be both unfinished. sources available.
- /fonts - pixel font files used on the website.
- /img - games/programs screenshots or logos.
- /js - JavaScript scripts. js_script.js is used to make the navbar responsive, and playerjs.js is a music player script generated by random music player creator website.
Some notes for this site:
- it's **RUSSIAN** localization only website as back then i didn't know english well :\ you can try some translators but their result might be different.
- this code didn't have any changes after the site got taken down - only pure 2020 web design *made by me💅*. but:
- **there can be a LOT of poor css/html/js code**, pls don't blame me, at that time i just started learning css/html.
- there are some **music**(😨). just 14 tracks of my first album "Infinity waves" you can check though.
- "Danger!" game - only v0.2 version is distributed as others are available at GitHub repo. 
- there are **g a m e s** and *programs*. when i was making those projects i took some screenshots of some, so you can now see them without downloading a repo 👍. 
  - game - danger, available [here](https://github.com/f1refa11/danger). 
  - **very cringe game** - minepy, very simple text *unfinished* game based on Minecraft game playthrough which lets a user make choices to completing a game. not recommended to play, **VERY NOT RECOMMENDED** to check the sources(written in python).
  - programs - batcreator and pygenerator - apps written in Tkinter which lets you create an batch/python script without writing code. i don't know their statuses, may be both unfinished. sources available.
  - program - pygenerator(or pyrandom) - pretty simple password generator. may also be unfinished and have some cool features. **files are not included yet as they may be published on Google Drive**
  - game - opencanvas - simple multiplayer drawing canvas with (probably) room system. was written in Construct whose site is used by game engine to handle connections. can be laggy at some cases. very unfinished project but worth trying
  - game - OMSG(Open Multiplayer Survival Game) - simple top-down survival game written in Construct using their multiplayer servers. i don't remember any cool features in this game, but you can try and check  them.
if i find other projects i'll add it.
Unfortunately there are some projects whose files are not included in repo. But if i found some of them i'll update the README. 
